plugin: adds `:validate => :field_reference` (#12459)
elastic/logstash: docs/static/configuration.asciidoc

  name => 'It\'s a beautiful day'
----------------------------------

[[field-reference]]
[float]
==== Field Reference

A Field Reference is a special <<string>> value representing the path to a field in an event, such as `@timestamp` or `[@timestamp]` to reference a top-level field, or `[client][ip]` to access a nested field.

> The <<field-reference.asciidoc, Field Reference Deep Dive>> provides detailed information about the structure of Field References.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The <<field-references-deepdive>> provides detailed information about the structure of Field References.
```
